Update Terra SDK ReadMe (#53)
pyth-network/pyth-sdk-rs: pyth-sdk-terra/README.md

The contract address is [`terra1wzs3rgzgjdde3kg7k3aaz6qx7sc5dcwxqe9fuc`](https://finder.terra.money/testnet/address/terra1wzs3rgzgjdde3kg7k3aaz6qx7sc5dcwxqe9fuc).

> You can find lsit of available price feeds [here](https://pyth.network/developers/price-feeds/#terra-testnet)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can find a list of available price feeds [here](https://pyth.network/developers/price-feeds/#terra-testnet)
```

Author: Thanks Tom!
